It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
It is great fun .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
Would you be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that everything will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Kate was attending university to study fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
He cried with a lot of blood around .
Michael got away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
Yes !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I was born to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Usually , I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
We won first place .
We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
Hallo my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very funny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
my last company .
I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first priority .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and we sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
Hello Something ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignores me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But the pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
Recently , many south east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a way of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dear mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calmly talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Hello ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- it makes me fit and healthy
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
Then we can sell them and get income from it .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to compete with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
I meet many people in the park .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Family is the most important institution in society .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
One year is not a long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
I went to a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Only by characters Chinese can literature send off its brilliance .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you ?
Come here .
Get down .
Go into the room .
Get onto the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let me see your house .
Let me enter your cabin .
Forgive me .
Bring that toy .
Bring a glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Stop shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us bathe .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
So they made a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
The ants won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
No one attacked them again and they lived happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I am really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
Is there one ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way he plays .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many very popular local foods .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear camp director ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Next , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
Buses are simpler - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Brandon Mackie
Parliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep choosing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
Before the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
My house was number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
I prevented my class from winning the championship .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
Write to me soon
Alessia
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I would pass that test and I was sure of that .
And it is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these option .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
The third one is comfort .
The plane is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
I think that it all depends on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to finding out more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in public places .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
establish factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition was about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
Also there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
