It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will delighted us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael get away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offsprings .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
What other precautions , is usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simle to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
Not so long ago , we are had competition .
The first place was gotting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
Hallo my firend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has ever been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting yours answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
Hello Something .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is run .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
Good Morning :
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
how are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easyier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy game no friction between players
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
Then they can sell them and get income of it .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about , people got so many pet .
In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today topic is Technology .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
One year is not long period .
But benefits after year off will be obvious .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
This is all .
good morning .
How are you .
come here .
Get down .
Get in to the room .
Get in to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to display all ...
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near sports centre .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
I love the way he was played .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wish you will have a impressed time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because swim is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
Dear Camp director ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
That weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
My house which got number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Had 12 years old .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Write me soon
Alessia
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
That was the story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly
Everything was dark .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and look around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are three reason to choose this .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their time .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Plan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
i think that it all depands from the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to know more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public places .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The noticie was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also there are a lots of educate channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
