Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In addition , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the heat of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She dreamt of being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time was up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He had never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activities to pass the time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Other ideas for having fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
Easy recycling
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
The results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dominika
Report :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team too .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
he price for independent transport will increase dramatically .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my teammates .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me .
Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see all the daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .

Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included on all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
The reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds have come back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clocks forward one hour in March .
The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clocks back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well you are mistaken .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
it 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport . This one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transport for the environment .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that this kind of thing can have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .

I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowadays we all hope that public transport can save the world .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
Friends , from now , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this condition during holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to renew the soul and revive the spirit .
During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
Second , public transport saves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person is becoming more limited than before .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable one .
Languages for the future
Should we learn other languages ?
We live in a world that changes day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job , rodrigo
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They were always wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to describe that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
Fewer channels means fewer choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
Big broadcasting groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameramen all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand with that ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishes
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus stops in the street .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Then ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to go back another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's because while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
Because you can watch them with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors are not important to me .
I think that books are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum . .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
You just have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
This sport is not just about physical power .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
The interior is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
They notice any kind of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
Climate change due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
To whom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
In times of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
That does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
they use good quality English which avoids slang .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . There were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , they make us cleverer .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use them but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
I recommend you practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
The Maze Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our societies for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
I see all this during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
